position I'm great
with the foul that is his second
let's throw you
right in front of us
and now Jackson's into it
the Commissioner of the
David Stern
and now they're keeping going now Riley
grabs heartburn is yellow
now right behind us here we have starts
down in the security is pushing John
Starr
the security staff
pushing John Starks
the securities the
for too long
the entire say look right in the middle
of the screen out of the three-point
line now here it is here English Singh
Harper our faith
upstair it is a Harper goes right after
him and as he brings him over here and
throws them on the floor you can see
what happens it empties right over the
top of the fins in rows 1 & 2 now in the
middle they're pulling Williams out
there starts the Bulls are pulling
starts off the top unfortunately here
you're into the middle of the fence in
Rome - that is right below the
commissioner who is sitting in the third
row here but it also happened between
English and Harper now from what we were
seeing you can see that both guys pushed
at the exact same time and then Harper
went after English whatever English said
and you can see the continuation here
right now English once again is going
and everybody is trying to
situation but there's a lot of hard
feelings here and Pat Riley here is it
now coming right into the stands and you
can see Williams went right on top of
that pile
then it just becomes a full Bailey
Williams right there Jackson co-star
on top of all it is right for the
cameras something is happening now
but everything is behind it and